# Quidditch
The Quidditch game made for SE344-Computer Graphics. 
//I never wanted to add comments or any code explainations for it only gets a disgusting 71.5 in the class but I think it is a 80+.

Okay I give up.

## Skybox
There's a simple skybox in the game, made by 6 `GL_QUADS`. I got the pictures on the internet. But the walls are not planes, their height map are generated by Perlin noise.

## Particles
The particle system is a real simple one, I got the idea on NeHe. Every particle has its life and fade speed. The speed is randomly calculated, making the system more realistic. The particles are slow `gluSphere()`, which can be replaced by faster objects.

## Texture
Except using pics from the internet, I generated some textures with Perlin noise using OpenCV or simply linear color.

## Physics
Theres one thing - 7 balls moves on its power, and others moves only when there's force. It confused me a lot, but later I got a trade-off. The balls will speed up or down to its original speed gently, which means the moving ball will always moving. There's a magnet inside the moving balls too, a moving ball will never collide to other ball if it is at its original speed.

## Gold
Every collide on gold will gain 15 points, making the gold to disappear, while other solid ball collisions just 1.

## Controllers:
Up - Decrease force

Down - Increase force

Left - Spin bat left

Right - Spin bat right


W - View up

S - View down

A - View left

D - View right


U - Move forward

J - Move backward

H - Move left

K - Move right

Page Up - Move closer

Page Down - Move farther


R - Reset Views

L - Turn on/off light

F11 - Full Screen / Windowed

Esc - Quit game
